these grants gazelles are also measuring
each other up and trying to decide
whether to risk a dangerous duel or
north
competing by brute force is one
technique adopted by males but there's
another way by being glamorous
threatening rivals with striking plumage
is the domain of birds
these are Mandarin Drake's beautiful but
displaying for sexual dominance
showing off as a way of winning a power
struggle can be seen in black grouse a
Swedish dawn before the hens appear the
birds declare coral warfare and
challenge each other to ritualized
fights flashing feathers is no soft
option two armed combat the rivalry
between these males is just as serious
as it is among those which fight the
best performer reaps his reward by
mating with the majority of the hens
in Costa Rica lives one of the natural
world's greatest glamour boys the
red-capped Manakin they're born showman
designed to dazzle with each trying to
outshine the others with their brilliant
plumage fancy footwork and startling
wing snap egged on by the presence of a
female the male's intensify their acts
when really worked up they reveal their
eye-catching trousers
a live driven by sex this is also a
display of aggression warning rival
males to keep their distance
there are 11 males in this jungle
theater all vying with each other to
become the most desirable performer
you